[DOC] Upgrade updates (#50)
rh-messaging/amq-streams-docs: books/proc-upgrading-kafka-brokers-to-amq-streams.adoc

+
[source,shell,subs=+quotes]
----

> cp -r /tmp/kafka-x-y-z/kafka_y.y-x.x.x/libs /opt/kafka/

Reviewer: I think this is confusing now - you use `x`, `y`, and `z` twice here but I guess always with a different meaning. Should it be more like this to match the other versioning?

```suggestion
cp -r /tmp/kafka-x-x-x/kafka_y.y-x.x.x/libs /opt/kafka/
```

Author: Why not we just use `/tmp/kafka` instead of `/tmp/kafka-x-y-z` or `/tmp/kafka-x-x-x` in this procedure? So we have `cp -r /tmp/kafka/kafka_y.y-x.x.x/libs /opt/kafka/` etc here

Reviewer: That would be fine with me.

cp -r /tmp/kafka-x-y-z/kafka_y.y-x.x.x/bin /opt/kafka/
cp -r /tmp/kafka-x-y-z/kafka_y.y-x.x.x/docs /opt/kafka/
----

. Delete the temporary directory.
+
[source,shell,subs=+quotes]
----
rm -r /tmp/kafka-x-y-z
----

. In a text editor, open the broker properties file, commonly stored in the `/opt/kafka/config/` directory.

. Temporarily override the default inter-broker protocol and message format versions for Kafka {DefaultKafkaVersion} by adding or updating the following properties in the file:
+
[source,shell,subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
inter.broker.protocol.version={LogMsgVersLower}
log.message.format.version={LogMsgVersLower}
----
+

> Configure the Kafka broker to process data using the previous inter-broker protocol (`{LogMsgVersLower}`) and message format versions.

Reviewer 2: "Configure..." makes it sound like an instruction. It's not–it's an explanation.

```suggestion
This configures the Kafka broker to process data using the previous inter-broker protocol (`{LogMsgVersLower}`) and message format versions.
```
